docs(issue): added docs for wrong detection issues (#1961)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/community/contribute/issue.md

- Please spend a small amount of time giving due diligence to the issue tracker. Your issue might be a duplicate. If it is, please add your comment to the existing issue.
- Remember that users might search for your issue in the future, so please give it a meaningful title to help others.
- The issue should clearly explain the reason for opening, the proposal if you have any, and any relevant technical information.

## Wrong detection

> Trivy depends on Github Advisory Database and Gitlab Advisory Database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trivy depends on [multiple data sources](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/latest/docs/vulnerability/detection/data-source/).
```

Sometime these databases contain mistakes.

> if Trivy can't detect any CVEs or shows false positive result, at first do the next steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Trivy can't detect any CVE-IDs or shows false positive result, at first please follow the next steps:
```

- run Trivy with `-f json` that shows data sources. Please make sure that data source is correct.
- visit [Github Advisory Database](https://github.com/advisories) and search CVE-ID.
- visit [Gitlab Advisory Database](https://advisories.gitlab.com/) and search CVE-ID .

If the data source is correct and Trivy shows wrong results, please raise an issue on Trivy

If you find a problem, it'll be nice to fix it:
* How to contribute to a GitHub security advisory: https://github.blog/2022-02-22-github-advisory-database-now-open-to-community-contributions/

> * Create an issue to Gitlab Advisory Database: https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/security-products/gemnasium-db/-/issues/new

Reviewer: `mkdocs` may show different from GitHub markdown. Please make sure that the doc is not broken by `make mkdocs-serve`.

<img width="729" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2253692/162891859-168b85e6-5b81-4c6f-a5a7-025b7f89edc4.png">

Reviewer: I'll fix it this time.

Author: > I'll fix it this time.

oh, thanks. will be careful
